by the Group
Group’s performance during the year, the Board 
Group during the year.
the Group and 
input costs across the Group in the year.
for the Group.
line with a clear set of detailed Group policies relating to financial reporting and other 
Since the year end the Group has 
the Group over a three-year period.
reporting and management of the Group, 
Committee’s report for the financial year 
Group over a number of years.
Company, including the approval of the Annual Report, and the management of the Executive Directors’ remuneration and incentive plans.
provide any other service to the Group during the year.
The maximum bonus opportunity for both Executive Directors for the 2017 financial year was 100.0 per cent of annual salary, of which 
Divisional and Group bonus targets for both profit and cash were increased during the year to take into account the acquisition of Howe Green 
The Group recorded an Operational Cash Flow in the year of £65.7 million and the 
TSR of a comparator group of UK listed companies, the Committee determined that the financial underpin was satisfied.
The salaries of the Group’s senior management team were reviewed in December 2017 and in general were awarded an increase to their base 
In light of the Group’s progress, including its increase in size and complexity, the Committee undertook a review of the CEO’s remuneration 
As reported in the Group’s half-year results announcement in July 2017 the Board reviewed the Executive Directors’ roles and with effect from 
The Group operates the general principle that the vesting of share awards under Executive and Employee Share Plans should be satisfied 
During the year the Committee wrote to major shareholders, representing over 50 per cent of the Group’s shareholder base, following the changes 
Report on the audit of the group financial statements
give a true and fair view of the state of the group’s affairs as at 31 December 2017 and of its profit and cash flows for the year then ended;
We remained independent of the group in accordance with the ethical requirements that are relevant to our audit of the financial statements 
Other than those disclosed in the Directors’ report, we have provided no non-audit services to the group in the period from 1 January 2017 
group and parent company financial statements, including, but not limited to, the Companies Act 2006, the Listing Rules, UK tax legislation 
• Overall group materiality: £3.8 million (2016: £3.3 million), based on 5% of underlying operating profit 
• 73% of Group revenue accounted for by reporting units where full scope audit work or specific audit 
Report on the audit of the group financial statements continued
Report on the audit of the group financial statements continued
The Group financial statements are a consolidation of 65 reporting units for the Group’s operating businesses, 
Of the Group’s 65 reporting units, we identified 9 which, in our view, required an audit of their complete financial information, due to their size.
Report on the audit of the group financial statements continued
Report on the audit of the group financial statements continued
73% of the Group’s revenue is accounted for by reporting units where we performed full scope audit work or performed specific audit procedures 
84% of the Group’s underlying operating profit before taxation is accounted for by the 9 reporting units where we performed full 
Report on the audit of the group financial statements continued
that the group will be able to continue in operation and meet its liabilities as they fall due over the period of their assessment, including any 
Report on the audit of the group financial statements continued
In preparing the financial statements, the directors are responsible for assessing the group’s ability to continue as a going concern, disclosing 
We have reported separately on the parent company financial statements of Tyman plc for the year ended 31 December 2017 and on the 
The preparation of financial statements requires management to exercise judgement in applying the Group’s accounting policies.
The Group recognises a liability and an expense for bonuses and profit sharing based on the expected level of payment to employees in 
Group’s UK profits for this accounting period are taxed at an effective rate of 19.25 per cent (2016: 20.0 per cent).
A review of the carrying amount of goodwill and intangible assets across the Group has been carried out at year end in light of current trading 
The Group manages liquidity risk by the pooling of cash resources and depositing funds available for investment in approved financial instruments 
The Group’s exposure to credit risk is limited to the carrying amount of financial assets recognised at the balance sheet date.
During the year ended 31 December 2017 the Group operated within its borrowing facilities.
The Group has a team that performs the valuations of financial assets required for financial reporting purposes.
The US pension schemes are closed to new entrants; as a result the service costs to the Group will rise in future years.
Acquisition related costs of £0.2 million have been included in exceptional costs in the Group’s consolidated income statement (see note 6).
We have audited the financial statements, included within the Annual Report and Accounts (the “Annual Report”), which comprise: the company 
We remained independent of the group in accordance with the ethical requirements that are relevant to our audit of the financial statements 
Other than those disclosed in the Directors’ report, we have provided no non-audit services to the group and its subsidiaries in the period 
We have reported separately on the group financial statements of Tyman plc for the year ended 31 December 2017.
Details of share-based payments are provided in note 22 of the Group financial statements.
The Company reported a profit for the financial year ended 31 December 2017 of £14.2 million (2016: £17.5 million).
The share capital of the Company is as set out in note 21 of the Group financial statements.
The dividends of the Company are set out in note 23 of the Group financial statements.