ﬁ nancial performance of the Group.
1.  Of these 103 senior managers, 42 directly report to members of the Group Executive Committee, and of these, three are women.
The Board continually assesses the Group’s key risks, and the 
> T op-down risk identiﬁ cation undertaken at Group Executive Committee and Board meetings
> Board review of insurance and other measures used in managing risks across the Group
relating to the Group’s ﬁ nancial performance, informing the 
ﬁ nancial controls and the Group’s internal control and risk 
the Group’s system of internal control, including ﬁ nancial, 
the Group’s ﬁ nancial reporting are detailed in the Governance 
Committee agreed a materiality ﬁ gure of £7 .6m for Group 
Non-executive Directors attend Board, Committee and other meetings, held mainly in the UK, together with an annual strategy 
The table below sets out the total remuneration received by Executive Directors in the ﬁ nancial year under review:
The table below sets out the fees and taxable beneﬁ ts received by Non-executive Directors in the ﬁ nancial year under review and 
beneﬁ ts and Annual Incentive earned in respect of his employment as Chief Executive pro-rated for the period from the beginning of the ﬁ nancial year to 31 August 
Also included in the table is the full value of his Vesuvius Share Plan award due to vest in 2018 based on performance over the performance period 2015-2017 
3.  Base salary (or fees, as appropriate) earned in relation to services as a Director during the ﬁ nancial year.
7.  This ﬁ gure includes any Annual Incentive payments made to the Executive Directors in relation to services as a Director in the year under review.
9.  The sum of the value of the Annual Incentive and the long-term incentives where the performance period ended during the ﬁ nancial year.
The sum of base salary, beneﬁ ts, pension, Annual Incentive and long-term incentives where the performance period ended during the ﬁ nancial year.
For the ﬁ nancial year 2017 the Executive Directors’ Annual 
5.  All awards under the Vesuvius Share Plan are subject to performance conditions and continued employment until the relevant vesting date as set out on pages 112 
full value of his Vesuvius Share Plan award in relation to the performance period 2015–2017.
audited accounts of the Group and of the Company, Vesuvius 
at any time the ﬁ nancial position of the Group and Company 
the Group and Company’s performance, business model 
> Vesuvius plc’s Group ﬁ nancial statements and Company 
The Group Financial Statements incorporate the ﬁ nancial statements of the Company and entities controlled by the 
Group Income Statement, within the column entitled ‘Separately reported items’, the effect of any components of ﬁ nancial 
The impact assessment performed by the Group included a review of the classiﬁ cation and measurement of ﬁ nancial 
The impact assessment performed by the Group included a review of revenue streams and customer contracts to 
operating performance of the Group and its divisions, providing management with key insights and metrics in support of the 
Headline performance, reported separately on the face of the Group Income Statement, is from continuing operations and 
Headline proﬁ t before tax, reported separately on the face of the Group Income Statement, is calculated as the net total of 
trading proﬁ t, plus the Group’s share of post-tax proﬁ t of joint ventures and total net ﬁ nance costs associated with headline 
It is one of the Group’s key performance indicators and is used to assess the ﬁ nancial 
The net tax charge reﬂ ected in the Group Statement of Comprehensive Income in the year amounted to £3.
The Group has signiﬁ cant net operating losses with a tax value of £1 19.4m (2016: £148.5m), only £17 .
effective tax rate on headline performance (excluding the Group’s share of post-tax proﬁ t of joint ventures) would have been 
The net book value of the Group’s property, plant and equipment assets held under ﬁ nance lease contracts was £4.6m 
The value in use calculations of the Group’s CGUs are based on three-year business plans and a terminal growth rate of 
are used to manage the Group’s ﬁ nancial risk is detailed in Note 27 .
managing the ﬁ nancial risks faced by the Group.
Market risk is the risk that either the fair values or the cash ﬂ ows of the Group’s ﬁ nancial instruments may ﬂ uctuate because 
Based upon the interest rate proﬁ le of the Group’s ﬁ nancial assets and liabilities shown in the tables above, a 1% increase in 
market interest rates would increase both the net ﬁ nance costs charged in the Group Income Statement and the net interest 
(2016: £10.7m) in the fair value of the Group’s net debt and a 1% decrease in market interest rates would result in an increase 
least annually as part of the Group’s three-year planning process.
The Group’s principal deﬁ ned beneﬁ t pension plans are in the UK and the US, the beneﬁ ts of which are based upon the ﬁ nal 
The Group has a number of deﬁ ned beneﬁ t pension plans in the US, providing retirement beneﬁ ts based on ﬁ nal salary or a 
continuing operations) and represents the contributions payable for the year by the Group to the plans.
— impact on plan assets Increase by £14.6m n/a n/a Notes to the Group Financial Statements continued
The Group operates a number of different share-based payment plans, the most signiﬁ cant of which is the Long T erm 
other share-based payment plans are not considered signiﬁ cant in the context of the Group’s results or ﬁ nancial position.
Group’s property, plant and equipment assets held under ﬁ nance lease contracts at 31 December 2017 was £4.6m 
The Directors have a reasonable expectation that the Group and the Company have adequate resources to continue in 
to adopt a going concern basis in preparing the ﬁ nancial statements of the Group and the Company.