of the Group was less than it may have 
reserve numbers for the Group’s oil and gas 
as the Group’s oil, gas and condensate 
In February 2018, Volga Gas commissioned an updated reserve report of the Group’s oil, gas 
The Group’s financial statements are 
as the statement of the Group’s oil, gas and 
the Group’s operations, impact production, 
Oil and gas production taxes
The Group’s sales generated from oil and gas 
Management considers the new reserve  14 Volga Gas plc Annual Report and Accounts 2017
The Group’s operations and financial 
The Group’s 
for companies in the oil and gas 
for companies in the oil and gas 
The Group has 
the Volga Gas Group’s responsibilities in 
prepare Group and Parent Company financial 
the Group and Parent Company financial 
Group and Parent Company Statements of 
— the Group financial statements have been 
Materiality for the Group financial statements 
the Group (including the Parent Company 
due from Group companies
Loans due from Group companies: 
These Group consolidated financial statements were authorised for issue by the Board of Directors on 12 April 2018.
Both the Parent Company financial statements and the Group financial statements have been prepared in accordance with International 
In addition, the Group’s objectives, policies and processes for measuring capital, financial risk 
the future cash flow forecasts of the Group in the light of the reductions in oil and gas reserves and in consideration of the current financial 
Based on the assessment, the Group does not expect the application of IFRS 9 to have a significant impact on its financial statements, other 
These amendments were adopted by the Group in the year, and do not have a material impact on its financial statements.
by the Group.
The CODM receives monthly IFRS-based financial information for the Group and its development and production entities.
The Group has 
Management has determined, therefore, that the operations of the Group comprise one class of business, being oil and gas exploration, 
development and production and the Group operates in only one geographic area – the Volga region of the Russian Federation.
reserves, which are oil, gas and other mineral reserves estimated to be recovered from existing facilities using current operating methods.
(f) Impairment – proved oil and gas production properties
Revenue comprises the fair value of the consideration received or receivable for the sale of oil and gas in the ordinary course of the Group’s 
The Group’s activities expose it to a variety of financial risks: market risk (including foreign exchange risk, price risk and cash flow interest rate 
The Group is not exposed to price risk as it does not hold financial instruments of which the fair values or future cash flows will be affected by 
that if international oil prices had been US$5 per barrel higher or lower and all other variables been unchanged, the Group’s profit before tax 
As the Group currently has no significant interest-bearing assets and liabilities, the Group’s income and operating cash flows are substantially 
The Group’s principal financial asset is cash and credit risk arises from cash and cash equivalents and deposits with banks and financial 
Gas sales accounting for 35.4% of Group revenues in 2017 (2016: 
cash generated from its oil and gas production activities, existing working capital and, when appropriate, medium-term bank borrowings.
The Group is 
The Group has no financial assets and liabilities that are required to be measured at fair value.
including production volumes, commodity prices, operating costs, capital investment, hydrocarbon reserves estimates and discount rates.
exploration or development or production activity will often provide additional information regarding the Group’s reserve base that may result 
Decreases in reserve estimates can lead to significant impairment of oil and gas assets where revisions 
An independent assessment of the reserves and net present value of future net revenues (“NPV”) attributable to the Group’s fields, 
Management considers these revised estimates to be reasonable and is adopting them as the Group’s reserves.
All revenue is generated from the sale of oil and gas in the ordinary course of the Group’s activities.
6. Cost of sales and administrative expenses – Group
(a)  Depreciation: Substantially all depreciation relates to oil and gas assets and is included within cost of sales.
revision to the Group’s oil and gas reserves, the unit of production rate of depletion has increased materially, leading to approximately a 
6. Cost of sales and administrative expenses – Group continued
(h) Audit fees – Group and Company: Disclosure of the fees paid to the Company’s auditor and its associates is given in note 22.
9. Current and deferred income tax – Group
9. Current and deferred income tax – Group continued
The Group has 
Intangible assets – Group
Cash and cash equivalents – Group and Company
Group Company
At 31 December Group Company
Other receivables – Group and Company
Group Company
Other reserves – Group
Accumulated profit – Group and Company
Group Company
Group Company
The maturity of the Group’s and the Company’s financial liabilities are all between zero to three months.
In December 2016, one of the Group’s operating subsidiaries received a bank loan in total amount of RUR 240 million (US$3.96 million), which 
Pre-Caspian Gas Company Russia Oil & gas exploration and production 100% May 2006
Audit fees – Group and Company
During the year, the Group (including its overseas subsidiaries) obtained the following services from the Company’s auditor and associates:
Related party transactions – Group and Company
31 December 2017 1,014 –  54 Volga Gas plc Annual Report and Accounts 2017
Related party transactions – Group and Company continued
The Group operates in the upstream oil industry in the Russian Federation and its activities may have an impact on the environment.
The Group is subject to periodic reviews of its activities by governmental authorities with respect to the requirements of its oil field licences.
without any materially adverse effect on the financial position or the operating results of the Group.
1. To receive and adopt the Company’s accounts for the year ended 31 December 2017 and the Directors’ Report.