Company No. 03300814
flexibility of the Company to invest 
be applied not only to the investment process but also the way the Company is 
to enable investment in companies listed outside the UK (limited to 20% of assets 
The Company adopted the Existing Investment Policy on 28 January 2016, with the 
Policy as the Company’s investment objective and policy following the AGM.
The Company seeks to achieve its investment objective by investing in a portfolio 
The Company’s policy is not to invest more than 15% of its gross assets in 
The Company may from time to time invest in 
other UK listed investment companies, but the Company will not invest more than 
The Company will not invest in any other fund managed by the 
Company’s investment manager.
Any material change to the investment policy of the Company will only be made 
The Company may from time to time also invest 
•  The maximum permitted investment in companies listed outside the UK at cost 
•  The Company’s policy is not to invest more than 15% of its gross assets in any one 
•  The Company may from time to time invest in other UK listed investment 
companies, but the Company will not invest more than 10% in aggregate of the 
gross assets of the Company in other listed closed-ended investment funds.
•  The Company will not invest in any other fund managed by the Investment Manager.
Any material change to the investment policy of the Company will only be made 
the Company’s investment policy, the Directors will announce through a Regulatory 
The Company’s principal investment objective is to achieve capital growth.
The Company held over 3% of the issued share capital of the following:
from their investment in the Company.
Company seeks to mitigate the degree of risk by investing in securities in substantial 
of the Company beyond 2019.
The Company’s 
A MEMBER OF THE ASSOCIATION OF INVESTMENT COMPANIES Job No: 34360 Proof Event: 15 Black Line Level: 0 Park Communications Ltd Alpine Way London E6 6LA
Under Section 833 of the Companies Act 2006 the Company is an investment 
The Directors of the Company at any time during the year are stated below.
Investment Manager and not of the Company.
The Company has one class of capital, Ordinary Shares.
by the Company is to purchase up to 14.99% of the voting shares that are in issue as 
the Company to adopt the Revised Investment Policy set out on page 9 with effect 
The Company entered into a new investment management contract with Phoenix on 
value of the Company at the end of the relevant financial year, in the event that the 
The Company is classified as an alternative investment fund under AIFMD and is 
Retail Distribution of Investment Company Shares
During the year ended 31 December 2017 the Company closed this 
The Company’s share capital is listed on the London Stock Exchange.
The Company 
shareholdings comprising 3% or more of the issued voting shares of the Company: 
considered the liquidity of the Company’s portfolio of investments as well as its cash 
position of the Company, being an externally managed investment company.
The Company has therefore not reported further in 
The Company’s 
the Company.
•  Commitment to the investment trust business generally and to the Company in 
The Investment Manager has meetings with the largest shareholders and reports back 
The directors are responsible for the internal financial control systems of the Company 
material payments out of the company other than for investment purposes.
Company.
The performance of the Company’s Ordinary Shares, with dividends reinvested, 
the Company.
During the year, no rights to subscribe for shares in or debentures of the Company 
Directors holding shares in the Company, although the Board welcomes such holdings.
The Company holds virtually all of its assets in quoted investments.
Board and the shareholders of the Company.
‘Company’) for the year ended 31 December 2017 , which comprise the Statement of 
The Company’s investment objective is 
Investment income is the Company’s major 
The Company’s principal investment objective 
Company investment holdings, which was 
Company’s investment portfolio as at the year 
Company’s investment portfolio, is considered to be the key driver of the Company’s 
management of the Company’s investment portfolio, the custody of its investments 
Company no.
of Investment Trust Companies and Venture Capital Trusts” issued in November 2014 
As the Company’s business is investing in financial assets with a view to 
Investment income from ordinary shares is accounted for on the basis of ex-dividend 
Due to the Company’s status as an investment trust and its intention to continue 
The Company did not purchase any of its own shares during the year ended 
At 31 December 2017 , the Company had 42,471,503 (2016: 29,792,305) shares 
Capital profits arising from the Company’s investment transactions are held as 
The Company’s financial assets may include equity investments, fixed interest 
The Company finances its investment activities through its ordinary share capital and 
The Company’s 
by the Company.
As described in the Investment Manager’s Review, the Company 
The Company invests in quoted equities and fixed interest securities.
The Company’s 
The Company manages the capital 
Under IFRS13 investment companies are required to disclose the fair value hierarchy 
to be relevant to the Company’s financial statements is provided below.
AIC Association of Investment Companies
company in which they are invested.
Investment T rust An investment company which is based in the UK and 
Company is an investment trust.
Net assets An investment company’s assets less its liabilities
an investment company, expressed as a percentage 
purchased shall be 14.99% of the issued share capital of the Company at the date 
or convert any security into Ordinary Shares in the Company the directors be and 
of 20% of the issued share capital of the Company at the date of passing this 
adopted as the investment objective and policy of the Company to the exclusion 
of all previous investment objectives and policies of the Company.
of this notice) the Company’s issued share capital consists of 46,545,977 Ordinary 
Company No. 03300814