provide additional information in line with how financial performance is measured by Management and reported to the Board.
4 Profit for the year includes £27.6 million (FY16: £15.7 million) of exceptional items and amortisation of intangibles arising on acquisitions (adjusted for tax) recognised during the Period.
risk for the Company throughout the year.
• the Company operates a three year planning cycle; and
During the year the Company recognised a non-cash gain of £1.1 million 
In Property, the Company will report revenue by Marketing, Software and Data 
performed using the Company’s three year 
• reviews ZPG’s Company Strategic Risk 
The Committee determines the Policy for the Executive Directors, the Chairman and other Management for current and future years and this 
The Committee is satisfied that its approach to the Executive Directors’ remuneration is designed to promote the long-term success of the Company.
These would be disclosed to shareholders in the Directors’ remuneration report for the relevant financial year.
The Company follows the UK Corporate Governance Code’s recommendation that all Directors be subject to annual re-appointment by shareholders.
with salary reviews linked to business performance, enable all employees to share in the success of the Company.
Single total figure of remuneration for Executive Directors for the 2017 financial year (audited)
The awards will vest subject to the Company’s adjusted basic earnings per share and relative TSR performance measured over the three year 
As the performance period was completed during the 2017 financial year the value of the awards has been provided below.
2 Includes Matching Shares still subject to forfeiture awarded under the Company’s SIP and nil-cost options granted under the Annual Bonus Plan.
During the financial year, PwC advised the Committee on all aspects of the Remuneration Policy for Executive Directors and members of the 
• the financial statements give a true and fair view of the state of the group’s and of the parent company’s affairs as at 30 September 2017 
• the financial statements have been prepared in accordance with the requirements of the Companies Act 2006 and, as regards the group 
We have audited the financial statements of ZPG plc (the ‘parent company’) and its subsidiaries (the ‘group’) which comprise:
• the related notes 1 to 29 to the group financial statements and notes 1 to 16 to the company financial statements.
In preparing the financial statements, the directors are responsible for assessing the group’s and the parent company’s ability to continue as a 
• the information given in the strategic report and the directors’ report for the financial year for which the financial statements are prepared 
Following the recommendation of the audit committee, we were appointed by the Board of Directors in 2012 to audit the financial statements 
For the year ended 30 September 2017 from continuing operations 106 ZPG Plc Annual Report 2017
The consolidated statement of cash flows has been represented in the prior year to move transaction costs on acquisitions of £1.3 million 
These consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with the policies set out in the Group’s Annual Report for the year 
As a consequence, the Directors believe that the Group is well placed to manage its business and financial risks successfully.
The Group provides equity-settled share-based incentive plans whereby ZPG Plc grants shares or nil-cost options over its shares to employees 
Within the company accounts of ZPG Plc equity-settled share options granted directly to employees or estate agent partners of a subsidiary 
business, in determining the remuneration of the Executive Directors and Management and is used by the Company’s external debt provider 
The Directors note that the three year forecast for the Property Software Group CGU includes revenue and margin growth resulting from 
Indicators of impairment for all CGUs, including Property Software Group, will continue to be assessed throughout the 2018 financial year.
The Group recognised a total of £29.4 million in respect of deferred payments due on acquisitions made in the period, as set out below and 
on ZPG’s property websites over a five year period in exchange for a fixed number of warrants over Ordinary Shares.
The financial statements of ZPG Plc (company number 09005884) were approved and authorised for issue by the Board of Directors and 
The statement of cash flows has been represented in the prior year to move transaction costs on acquisitions of £1.3 million to operating 
The Company incurred a cost of £140,000 (2016: £65,000) for statutory audit services for the period ended 30 September 2017.
The Company incurred a cost of £40,000 (2016: £28,000) in relation to non-audit fees provided by the statutory auditor.
During the year the Company recognised an increase in the investment in Zoopla Limited, uSwitch Limited and Hometrack.co.uk Limited in 
The Company has a receivable of £20.8 million due from Property Software Holdings Limited, £6.3 million from Hometrack.co.uk Limited and 
The Company recognised a total of £13.0 million in respect of deferred payments due on acquisitions made in the period, in relation to the 
During the year the Company also made settlements of £33.0 million to settle amounts due in respect of uSwitch, Property Software Group 
Details of the Company’s share capital are included in Note 23 to the consolidated financial statements.
were no transactions during the year between the Directors and the Company other than the issue of shares and share options as outlined in 
During the period to 30 September 2017 Hometrack.co.uk Limited repaid £10.1 million of this balance to the Company.
During the year to 30 September 2017 Property Software Group Limited repaid £2.5 million in respect of the intercompany loan with the Company.
During the year Property Software Group Limited paid interest on intercompany loans of £0.6 million to the Company.
During the year Hometrack.co.uk Limited paid interest on intercompany loans of £0.1 million to the Company.
During the year uSwitch Limited paid dividends of £13.0 million (2016: £nil) to the Company.
The Company issues shares to employees and estate agent partners of its subsidiaries as part of the Group’s share-based payment and 