Notes to the Company Financial Statements 81
Group revenue for the year was a record £112.0million.
The Group’s total equity at the end of the year was £98.1 million, 
•  The Group continues to invest in longer term R&D projects  
Development, Shire Pharmaceuticals Group PLC and Vice President, Abbott Laboratories Inc. Mark was a non-executive Director of Gooch & Housego PLC before becoming an Executive 
he held the position of Finance Director until the company was acquired by Gooch & Housego 
David is Chief Financial Officer of Connect Group PLC, a specialist distribution company listed 
senior roles within BAe Systems PLC, including Director of Strategy; Group Managing Director 
consolidated financial statements for the year ended 30 
5.7p per share was paid for the previous financial year.
by Group companies and on the translation of the net assets of 
financial year Directors’ and Officers’ liability insurance in respect 
Company law requires the directors to prepare financial 
statements for each financial year.
have prepared the Group financial statements in accordance with 
Union have been followed for the Group financial statements and 
for the company financial statements, subject to any material 
•  the parent company financial statements, which have been 
•  the Group financial statements, which have been prepared in 
•  the Annual Report and Financial Statements includes a fair 
•  reviewing the effectiveness of the Company’s financial 
appropriateness of the Group’s interim and full year financial 
performance resulted in the Group reporting a net cash position 
of 10% of the Company’s issued share capital over a 10 year 
In our opinion, Gooch & Housego PLC’s Group financial 
Group’s profit and the Group’s and the parent company’s cash 
company’s financial statements, as applied in accordance 
statement of comprehensive income, the Group and company 
cash flow statements, the notes to the Group and company cash 
flow statements, and the Group and company statements of 
Group and company financial statements, which include a 
•  Overall Group materiality: £620,000 (2016: £635,000), based on 5% of profit 
•  Overall parent company materiality: £122,000 (2016: £92,000), based on 5% of 
•  Acquisition accounting (Group).
of the financial statements of the current year and include the 
(Group) and investments (parent company)
the Group’s financial statements.
the parent company’s financial statements.
REPORT ON THE AUDIT OF THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS GOOCH & HOUSEGO PLC
Group and the parent company, the accounting processes and 
for our opinion on the Group financial statements as a whole.
Group financial statements Parent company financial statements
(Group audit) (2016: £31,750) and £6,100 (Parent company audit) 
•  the directors have not disclosed in the financial statements any 
REPORT ON THE AUDIT OF THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS GOOCH & HOUSEGO PLC
•  the parent company financial statements are not in 
REPORT ON THE AUDIT OF THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS GOOCH & HOUSEGO PLC
The financial statements for Gooch & Housego PLC, registered number 00526832, on pages 47 to 76 were approved by the 
The consolidated financial statements of the Group for the year 
a material effect on the Group’s net assets or profit before tax.
recognised as a liability in the Group’s financial statements  
For the year to 30 September 2017 non-current asset additions were £1.9m (2016: £2.0m) for the UK and for the USA £4.5m 
Fees payable to the Company’s auditors for the audit of the parent company and consolidated financial statements 45 45
The calculation of earnings per 20p Ordinary Share is based on the profit for the year using as a divisor the weighted average number 
Directors, it provides a useful measure of the trading performance of the Group.
The movements in the Group’s deferred tax assets and liabilities during the year are as follows:
The deferred tax provided for in the financial statements is disclosed under the following balance sheet headings and can be 
The Group has not recognised a deferred income tax asset of £1.4m (2016: £1.4m) in respect of these losses 
Profit for the financial year – – – 8,892
financial performance, these grants will vest upon publication of the results of the Company three years after the grant date.
on the share options awarded and exercised during the financial year.
in the model was based on the historical volatility of the Company’s share price over the three years prior to the grant date.
The Group’s financial instruments comprise bank borrowings, cash at bank, finance leases and various items such as trade 
The currency profile for the Group’s financial assets and liabilities are set out below.
Profit for the financial year – – – 3,750 3,750
Profit for the financial year – – – 1,962 1,962
NOTES TO THE COMPANY FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Act 2006 applicable to companies preparing financial statements in accordance with IFRS.
value of the Company’s shares at the balance sheet date, pro-rated over the vesting period of the options.
calculated by comparing the estimated amount of tax deduction to be obtained in the future (based on the Company’s share price 
Dividend distributions to the Company’s shareholders are recognised as a liability in the Group’s financial statements in the period 
NOTES TO THE COMPANY FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Fees payable to the Company auditors for the statutory audit for the year amounted to £16,000 (2016: £16,000).
The aggregate gain on Directors’ share option exercises in the year was £393,000 (2016: £807,000).
NOTES TO THE COMPANY FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
NOTES TO THE COMPANY FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
NOTES TO THE COMPANY FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
The deferred tax provided for in the financial statements can be analysed as follows:
UK tax losses of £0.8m (2016: £0.8m) are available against future profits of the Group.
NOTES TO THE COMPANY FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
NOTES TO THE COMPANY FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
and EPS financial performance, these grants will vest upon publication of the results of the Company three years after the grant date.
on the share options awarded and exercised during the financial year.
the model was based on the historical volatility of the Company’s share price over the three years prior to the grant date.
NOTES TO THE COMPANY FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Report and Financial Statements for the financial year ended 30 