performance of the Company last year?
7 Softcat plc Annual Report and Accounts 2017 Chief Executive’s statement continued 
9 Softcat plc Annual Report and Accounts 2017 Chief Executive’s statement continued
24 Softcat plc Annual Report and Accounts 2017 BUSINESS STRATEGY OPERATIONAL OPERATIONAL FINANCIAL PEOPLE
2017 has been a very busy year for the Company.
The Board met nine times during the year at a number of the Company’s different offices across the country including a strategy meeting in 
Company’s financial reporting;
• Received annual Director share dealing training.
This year, the Board carried out an internal evaluation of its performance, its Committees and individual Directors.
of the Company’s financial reporting, the performance of both 
• appropriateness of the Company’s external financial reporting;
• Company’s system of internal control, including risk 
the Company audit every five years and, as a result, the current 
Company highlights for the 2017 financial year
• the Annual Report on Remuneration, which sets out payments made to the Directors 
In setting the Remuneration Policy for Directors, the pay and conditions of other employees of the Company are taken into account, 
Remuneration Committee report continued 49 Softcat plc Annual Report and Accounts 2017
On 8 December 2016 awards under the Company’s Long Term Incentive Plan (‘LTIP’) were made to the Executive Directors.
It is a core focus in our Remuneration Policy to encourage Executive Directors to acquire and build up shareholding in the Company, 
1.  This is based on a closing share price of £4 at 31 July 2017 and the year-end salaries of the Executive Directors.
The number of shares of the Company in which current Directors had a beneficial interest as at 31 July 2017 is set out in detail 
Remuneration Committee report continued 51 Softcat plc Annual Report and Accounts 2017
• the general performance of the Company;
The charts below illustrate the remuneration that would be paid to each of the Executive Directors for the 2018 financial year 
Remuneration Committee report continued 53 Softcat plc Annual Report and Accounts 2017
The Non-Executive Directors of the Company (including the Chairman) do not have service contracts.
The initial terms of the Non-Executive Directors’ positions are subject to their re-election by the Company’s shareholders at the AGM and to re-election at any 
Remuneration Committee Report continued 55 Softcat plc Annual Report and Accounts 2017
1.  This is based on a closing share price of £4 at 31 July 2017 and the year-end salaries of the Executive Directors.
• to determine and agree with the Board the broad Remuneration Policy for the Executive Directors and other selected members 
During the financial year, PwC advised the Committee on all aspects of the Remuneration Policy for Executive Directors and selected 
with the Company at any time during the financial year.
end of the financial year and the profit or loss of the Company, 
• Softcat plc’s financial statements give a true and fair view of the state of the Company’s affairs as at 31 July 2017 and of its profit 
• the financial statements have been prepared in accordance with the requirements of the Companies Act 2006.
• the Directors’ confirmation (page 24) in the Annual Report that they have carried out a robust assessment of the principal risks 
Audit scope • The Company performs all transaction processing and financial statement preparation centrally in the 
• We challenged the Company’s rebate accrual at year 
The Company has business operations in various locations throughout the UK; however, all transaction processing and financial statement 
reported performance of the Company in the year.
• Fair, balanced and understandable (page 64) – the statement given by the Directors that they consider the Annual Report and 
• the information given in the Strategic Report and the Directors’ Report for the financial year for which the financial statements 
• the Company financial statements and the part of the Directors’ Remuneration Report to be audited are not in agreement with 
In preparing the financial statements, the Directors are responsible for assessing the Company’s ability to continue as a going 
• We assessed the susceptibility of the Company’s financial statements to material misstatement, including how fraud might 
reporting to the Audit Committee on compliance with regulations and enquires of the Company Secretary and management.
Softcat plc Company registration number: 02174990 Financial statements
The pension costs charged in the financial statements represent the contributions payable by the Company during the year on the 
During the year the Company operated the following equity-settled share option schemes:
The Company operates an SIP for employees who were awarded free shares following the initial public offering in November 2015.
The Company recognises all deferred tax movements in the year within the income statement, except for £183,789 (2016: (£180,000)) 
Contributions payable by the Company for the year 812 657 Financial statements
During the prior year the Company re-registered as a public limited company and restructured its share capital as detailed below.
In the year ended 31 July 2017 the SIP Trust returned £317,000 (2016: £nil) to the Company through share recycling.
oversees the management of these risks and ensures that the Company’s financial risk taking is governed by appropriate policies 
and procedures and that financial risks are identified, measured and managed in accordance with Company policies and Company 
Credit risk from cash balances with banks and financial institutions is managed in accordance with Company policy.
During the year ended 31 July 2017 the Directors of the Company were awarded a total of 295,896 LTIP shares (2016: 350,000) 
The Company operates a CSOP for nominated employees, and an LTIP for Executive Directors and Senior Management.
The LTIP provides share awards to Executive Directors and Senior Management.
During the year 295,896 (2016: 350,000) share awards related to LTIP schemes were issued to two Executive Directors at nil exercise 
The Company operates a SIP for employees who were awarded free shares following the initial public offering in November 2015.
During the year ended 31 July 2017, the Company recognised revenue of £135,112, at low margin, from a sale of hardware to an 