in the Group’s 
The Group has 
In markets where the Group 
the Group.
of the Group’s products.
group in the market
market, currently the Group has ten products 
– Two studies carried out this year with 
In 2016, the Group 
Last year, the Group launched  
The Group have 
The Group has 
The Group also has 
The Group may 
The Group 
The Group is 
The Group may 
The Group 
for the Group.
The Group 
The Group 
The Group 
The Group 
The Group also has a 
In the previous year the Group 
the current year, the Group held 
for the Group.
throughout the Group
LTIPs and share options for Directors who held office during the financial year 
The Directors that held office during the financial year had the following interests in the ordinary shares of  
review of the Group’s business during the financial year, 
Group.
Directors have to prepare the Group financial statements 
or loss of the Company and Group for that period.
subsidiaries (the ‘Group’) for the year ended 30 June 
preparation of the Group financial statements is 
Group’s loss for the year then ended;
– the Group financial statements have been properly 
– the parent company financial statements have 
– Overall Group materiality: 
financial statements of the current period and include the most significant assessed risks of material misstatement 
Key Audit Matter – Group How the matter was addressed in the  
audit – Group
– considering the appropriateness of the Group’s 
the financial year across the Group’s key trading 
by the Group during the year.
Key Audit Matter – Group How the matter was addressed in the  
audit – Group
recognised within the Group financial statements.
Financial statements as a whole £640,000 which is 1% of Group 
– evaluation by the Group audit team of identified 
– the remaining operations of the Group were subject 
– in addition, the Group Audit Team performed a  
the directors’ report for the financial year for which 
– the parent company financial statements are not in 
The Group’s financial statements have been prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards 
Allergy Therapeutics plc is the Group’s parent company.
The consolidated financial statements for the year ended 30 June 2017 (including comparatives) have been 
been early adopted by the Group in the 30 June 2017 financial statements
interpretations that are expected to be relevant to the Group’s financial statements are as follows:
detailed impact on the Group’s financial statements.
Management are currently assessing the detailed impact on the Group’s financial 
Group’s financial statements.
Excluding the R&D expenditure, the Group would have reported an operating profit of £7.4 million 
The Group had a cash balance of £22.1m at 30 June 2017 and 
effects of sales and other sensitivities on the Group’s funding plans, the Directors continue to believe that the Group 
The Group’s financial statements consolidate those of the parent company and all of its subsidiaries drawn up to 
by the Group to obtain control of a subsidiary is calculated as the sum of the acquisition-date fair values of assets 
transferred, liabilities incurred and the equity interests issued by the Group, which includes the fair value of any 
The Group recognises identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed in a business combination regardless of 
method for intangible assets is reviewed at least at each financial year end.
The Group’s operating segments are market based and are reported in a manner consistent with the internal 
Items included in the financial statements of each of the Group’s entities are measured using the currency of the 
In the Group’s financial statements, all assets, liabilities and transactions of Group entities with a functional currency 
– the Group has transferred to the buyer the significant risks and rewards of ownership of the goods, which is 
Where the Group provides services to new distributors, which mainly include marketing and customer information, 
It is considered that the significant risks and rewards of ownership of the product are not transferred from the Group 
the Group.
in the Group.
All financial assets are recognised when the Group becomes a party to the contractual provisions of the instrument 
asset or a group of financial assets is impaired.
The Group’s financial liabilities include borrowings, trade and other payables and derivative financial instruments.
The Group operates equity-settled share based compensation plans for remuneration of its employees comprising 
The financial statements include the assets and liabilities of a trust set up for the benefit of the Group’s employees.
The Group has 
While the Group is 
f) The Group operates equity-settled share based compensation plans for remuneration of its employees 
The Group 
The Group’s operating segments are reported based on the financial information provided to the Executive 
Included within Central Europe are non-current assets to the value of £2,594,000 (2016: £2,523,000) relating to 
Deferred tax – current year (6) (55)
For the purposes of impairment testing of goodwill, the Directors recognise the Group’s Cash Generating Units 
The Group uses derivative financial instruments to mitigate the effects of exchange rate exposure through the use of 
Group.
to the Group.
Over five years 2,352 868 – 99 2,352 967
tax asset of £1,658,000 (2016: £2,021,000), however this is unrecognised in the Group accounts as there is 
The Group has a Long Term Incentive Plan (‘LTIP’) under which Executive Directors and senior employees may 
The Group recognised total expenses of £703,000 (2016: £327,000) related to equity-settled share based payment 
During the year, Group companies entered into the following transactions with related parties that are not members 
of the Group:
The prior year was the first financial statements of the Company prepared in accordance with FRS 101.
exchange sensitivities on the Group and Company’s funding plans, the Directors continue to believe that the Group 
In the prior year the financial statements included the assets and liabilities of a trust set up for the benefit of the 
Full details of the Group’s share based payments are set out in Note 28 of the consolidated financial statements.
Full details of the Company’s share capital are set out in Note 27 of the consolidated financial statements.