and	support	offered	to	the	Company	during	the	new	financial	year.
The	Group	continued	its	strong	revenue	growth	during	the	year.
making	a	total	dividend	of	2.60p	per	share	for	the	financial	year.
STRATEGIC REPORT The	Group	continues	to	invest	in	specialist	rigs	to	drive	growth	in	our	
of the consolidated financial statements includes the Group’s 
l the Group has prepared financial projections to 30 April 2021 which 
l monitoring and reviewing the Group’s accounting policies, 
l reviewing the annual and interim financial statements and any 
l reviewed and approved the Group policy on non-audit services 
The Committee reviews the Group risk register each year to assess 
l The charge for share-based payment awards – The Group 
of the Group financial statements, and the presentation of 
of financial data for the Company and the Group:
l reviewed the Committee’s report in the annual report and accounts 
the Remuneration Committee report for the year ended 30 April 2017.
annual bonus cost to the Company each year.
STRATEGIC REPORT 01–33 CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 34–53 Any share-based entitlements granted to an Executive Director 
The LTIP relates to the value of long-term awards whose performance period ends in the year under review.
Conditional share awards were granted on 26 October 2016, the date that the Company was admitted to AIM, to all Executive Directors 
* Measured against a comparator group of 14 companies (i.e. 15 including Van Elle Holdings plc).
Statement of Directors’ shareholding and share interests (audited)
The Directors present their annual report and the Group audited 
financial statements for the year ended 30 April 2017.
A review of the performance of the Group during the year, including 
The Group’s result for the year is shown in the statement of 
information relating to the financial risks of the Group has been 
The Directors of the Company who held office during the year are:
the Company are shown in the Directors’ remuneration report on 
The market price of the Company’s shares at the end of the financial 
Company law requires the Directors to prepare financial statements 
prepare the Group and Company financial statements in accordance 
In preparing these financial statements, the Directors are required to:
l the parent company financial statements are not in agreement 
STRATEGIC REPORT 01–33 CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 34–53 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Operating profit before exceptional costs and share-based payment expense 11,563 11,055
For the year ended 30 April 2017 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
The Group’s financial statements were authorised for issue by the 
The Group financial statements have been prepared in accordance 
The Group financial statements have been 
referred to in these Group financial statements, provide useful 
typical contract size of less than £100,000 with short duration,  CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 34–53 STRATEGIC REPORT 01–33 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 54–84
the fair value of the Group’s share of the identifiable net assets of 
The Group operates two equity-settled share-based payment plans, 
The Group has issued share-based incentives to its Directors and 
The Group evaluates segmental performance based on profit or loss from operations calculated in accordance with IFRS but excluding 
There are no individual customers accounting for more than 10% of Group revenue in either the current or preceding year.
Fees payable to the Company’s auditor for the audit of the Group financial statements 12 4
Costs of service-based claims made against the Group — 950
share options, long-term incentive plans and Directors’ pension entitlements are disclosed in the remuneration report on page 48.
of the Group, including the Directors of the Company, the Chief Financial Officer and operating unit divisional directors.
The underlying earnings per share is based on profit adjusted for exceptional operating costs and share-based payment charges, net of tax, 
The value-in-use calculations use pre-tax cash flow projections based on the Board-approved budget for the year ended 30 April 2018.
The Group’s financial instruments comprise cash, fixed-rate loans, obligations under finance leases and various items such as receivables 
The carrying amounts of all the Group’s financial instruments are measured at amortised cost in the financial statements.
T otal financial assets 30,064 18,916 CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 34–53 STRATEGIC REPORT 01–33 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 54–84
Group may adjust the amount of dividends paid to shareholders, return capital to shareholders, issue new shares or sell assets to reduce debt.
The Group’s financial assets are trade and other receivables and bank and cash balances.
Liquidity risk is the risk that the Group will encounter difficulty in meeting its financial obligations as they fall due and managing its working 
The Company operates two share-based incentive schemes for Directors and key employees, known as the Van Elle Holdings plc 
The Group recognised total expenses of £77,000 (2016: £nil) in respect of equity-settled share-based payment transactions in the year.
The Group operates an L TIP for senior executives.
The extent to which the options will vest is dependent upon the Company’s performance over the three year period set at the date of grant.
For the year ended 30 April 2017 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
These financial statements were approved and authorised for issue by the Board of Directors on 25 July 2017.
The financial statements of Van Elle Holdings plc (the “Company”) are presented as required by the Companies Act 2006.
The policies adopted by the Company are consistent with those set out in note 3 to the consolidated financial statements.
additional policies are also relevant to the Company financial statements.
The preparation of the Company financial statements requires the use of certain judgements, estimates and assumptions that affect the 
company financial statements is the recoverability of the investments set out in note 5.
The Company based its estimation on information available when these financial statements 
Company’s financial instruments are measured at amortised cost in the financial statements.
Notes to the parent company financial statements continued
The Company’s objectives when managing finance and capital are detailed in note 21 of the consolidated financial statements.
For detailed disclosures of share-based payments granted to employees refer to note 25 of the consolidated financial statements.
year, the Directors’ general authority to allot shares in the Company, 