the Group.
of the Group.
The Group operates in a number of markets, 
The Group’s 
within the Group.
Group 88.8 69.2
The Group incurred a loss for the year of 
• plus the Group’s share of profit of equity-
The Group will also take to market larger niche generic non-UL2L products 
The Group’s specials product range, which is manufactured from MHRA-licensed facilities, and 
for the Group’s product licensing activities.
market share the Group has secured.
Success in the Group’s product development 
The Group 
The Group’s strategy of licensing products and 
The Group is 
The Group 
The Group 
and the Group.
The Group  
across the Group.
Group Product 
Senior executives – Group Directors 33
the Group.
The Directors present their report and the consolidated financial statements and Auditor’s report for the Company and the Group for the financial 
A review of the Group’s business and performance and its future development is given in the Chairman’s report, the Chief Executive Officer’s 
The Board’s strategy is to develop the Group and deliver shareholder value 
The interests of the Directors who served during the financial year ended 31 January 2017 over the ordinary share capital of the Company are as follows:
The Directors are responsible for preparing the Annual Report and the Group and the Company financial statements in accordance with 
Company law requires the Directors to prepare the Group and the Company financial statements for each financial year.
In preparing each of the Group and the Company financial 
• prepare the financial statements on the going concern basis unless it is inappropriate to presume that the Group and the Company will 
The Directors believe that the Group is well-placed to manage its business risks successfully and therefore have a reasonable expectation that 
year based on the achievement of the overall financial results of the Group and individual performance.
The Company also allows employees to participate in the growth and success of the Group through a Save-as-You-Earn share scheme (‘SAYE’) 
7 Prior to his appointment to the Board, initially as CFO, Chris Rigg was a member of the senior executive team as Group Strategic Director.
and CEO, in particular in managing the working capital and cash position of the business and his strategic review of the Group.
The Executive Directors who served during the financial year ended 31 January 2017 held the following options over the ordinary shares of the Company: 
• the financial statements give a true and fair view of the state of the Group’s and of the parent company’s affairs as at 31 January 2017 and  
of the Group’s loss for the year then ended;
The Group financial statements consolidate those of the Company and its subsidiary undertakings (together referred to as the ‘Group’) and equity 
The Group financial statements have been prepared and approved by the Directors in accordance with International Financial Reporting 
In addition, Note 28 to the financial statements includes the Group’s objectives, policies and processes for managing its capital; its financial  
The Directors believe the Group is well placed to manage its business risks successfully and therefore have a reasonable expectation that the 
• joint operations whereby the Group has rights to the assets and obligations for the liabilities relating to the arrangement.
The Group’s 
Where the Group is a party to a joint operation, the consolidated financial statements include the Group’s share of the joint operations assets and 
liabilities, as well as the Group’s share of the entity’s profit or loss and other comprehensive income, on a line-by-line basis.
(a) they include no contractual obligations upon the Company (or Group as the case may be) to deliver cash or other financial assets or to exchange 
financial assets or financial liabilities with another party under conditions that are potentially unfavourable to the Company (or Group); and 
The carrying amounts of the Group’s non-financial assets, other than inventories and deferred tax assets, are reviewed at each reporting date to 
is recognised for the amount expected to be paid under short-term cash bonus or profit-sharing plans if the Group has a present legal or 
tax assets, employee benefit assets and investment property, which continue to be measured in accordance with the Group’s accounting 
If the acquisition had occurred on 1 February 2015, Group revenue, for the year to 31 January 2016, would have been an estimated £70,458,000 
If the acquisition had occurred on 1 February 2015, Group revenue for the year to 31 January 2016, would have been an estimated £71,006,000 
Unallocated net assets, includes trade and other payables (£400,000), bank term loan (£28,839,000) and net intra-group loan receivables 
The average number of persons employed by the Group in continuing and discontinued operations (including Directors) during the year, analysed 
The Group’s discontinued operation, NuPharm Laboratories Limited, made a loss of £13,700,000 (2016: £300,000) after tax during the year.
Group
Group
in development, which in turn is based on estimated market size and the Group’s likely market share.
During the year ended 31 January 2016 the Group refinanced its debt, securing a new bank term loan of £25,000,000 and a revolving credit 
At the reporting date the Group’s borrowings, comprised the bank term loan and revolving credit facility and include issue costs of £290,000 
In July 2015 the Group acquired the entire share capital of NuPharm Group Limited for consideration of £8,837,000 settled in cash and contingent 
The Group’s joint venture, QM Specials Limited, has net liabilities of £138,000 (2016: £378,000).
The Group also has unrecognised deferred tax assets of £1,162,851 (2016: £867,433) principally relating to tax losses carried forward.
During the year the Company issued 44,117,647 ordinary shares for consideration (net of expenses) of £14,271,000.
the Group.
ii) During the year the Group made sales to QM Specials Limited totalling £477,000 (2016: £511,000).
The Group has a ‘New Product Development’ 
as equity-settled in the consolidated accounts of the parent, the Group or the Company as the case may be account for these share-based 
During the year the Company issued 44,117,647 ordinary shares for consideration, net of expenses, of £14,271,000.