business, JSC Risk Management and Insurance Company, 
against the Group’s increased level of retained risk premium.
distributable profits for the financial year ending 30 June 2017.
The Group uses excess of loss and quota share reinsurance 
Financial Group in 1995.
Committee to oversee the financial reporting of the Group, 
There have been no payments made to any Director for loss of office during the year ended 30 June 2017.
financial statements for the year ended 30 June 2017.
Group’s financial position as of 30 June 2017 in 
The financial statements represents the consolidated financial statements for the Group for each of the full two years 
The Group will apply the standards detailed above for the reporting periods beginning on the effective dates set out above.
The consolidated financial statements incorporates the assets and liabilities of all entities controlled by the Group as 
at 30 June 2017 and 2016 and the results of all controlled entities for the financial years then ended.
The excess of the cost of acquisition over the fair value of the Group’s share of the 
including the cost of claims incurred but not yet reported to the Group.
A transaction is accounted for as a share-based payment where the Group receives services from employees and pays 
basis over the period services are received, based on the Group’s estimate of shares that will eventually vest.
The charge to the profit or loss represents the amounts payable by the Group for the year.
The Board considers that the Group’s insurance activities constitute only one operating and reporting segment, as 
the figures in the Group financial statements.
The Group’s financial assets are loans and receivables.
Financial assets are recognised when the Group becomes party 
The Group’s loans and receivables financial assets comprise all short-term trade and other receivables (excluding 
Shares issued by the Group are classified as a financial liability to the extent that they meet the definition of a financial 
Both the redeemable preferred stock and Class D shares are classified as a financial liability as the Group has 
The Group makes estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities within the next 
The estimation of the ultimate liability arising from claims made under insurance contracts is the Group’s most critical 
The Group’s reinsurance premiums, loss expense and reserves related to reinsurance business are accounted for on 
3. Management of insurance and financial risk
Failure of pricing: The Group faces the risk of incorrect pricing of products resulting in financial losses or reduced profit, 
line or the Group as whole, there is an increased risk that material financial and reputational losses will occur.
The Group purchases excess of loss insurance, as part of its risks 
3. Management of insurance and financial risk continued
3. Management of insurance and financial risk continued
3. Management of insurance and financial risk continued
3. Management of insurance and financial risk continued
The estimates of claim cost are presented at the end of 6 months because the policy year is different from the financial year.
The Group develops these estimates for the claims liability on the assumption of the information which is currently 
3. Management of insurance and financial risk continued
Market risk is the risk that the Group is adversely affected by movements in the value of its financial assets or liability 
3. Management of insurance and financial risk continued
The Groups financial assets and liabilities are classified as loans and receivables.
The Group faces a risk of material losses if their main reinsurers fail or are unable to pay their contractual share of claims 
The Group seeks to manage this through annual review of the financial strength and creditworthiness of 
The Group faces a risk of material losses and cash flow issues if third party obligors are unable to pay amounts due.
3. Management of insurance and financial risk continued
3. Management of insurance and financial risk continued
The Group further manages this risk through monthly reviews of the Group cash accounts as well as review and approval 
3. Management of insurance and financial risk continued
Operational risk is defined by the Group as the risk of loss resulting from inadequate or failed internal processes, people 
The Group seeks to manage these risks through the claims 
The Group seeks to manage this risk through a number of policies and procedures in place covering regulatory 
For management purposes, the Group has categorised all its revenue and profit in one reportable segment – provision of 
In January 2017, Global Benefits Group (GBG) entered into a strategic partnership with a new Georgia-based insurance 
For the year ended 30 June 2017 the total expense for the share-based payments was $130,395 and is included 
The average number of persons employed directly by the Group (including Directors) during the year were:
average number of Ordinary shares in issue during the year, excluding Ordinary shares purchased by the Group and 
The Group did not declare any ordinary dividends for the years ended 30 June 2017 and 2016.
The financial impact of the reinsurance arrangement entered into by the Group are disclosed in the consolidated 
profit and 10 percent of the net risk premium of insurance premiums received by the Group as a result of the direct 
The shares are redeemable by the Group at the earlier of twenty years from the date of issuance and the expiration of 
During the year ended 30 June 2011, the Group purchased 3,280 $1 Class A Voting and 3,280 $1 Class A Non-Voting 
The Group believes its reinsurance companies are financially stable.
currently involved will have a material adverse effect on the Group’s consolidated financial position, results of operations 
The Group has various operating leases for office space and equipment with terms expiring at various dates through June 
that were shared by two shareholders of the Group.
The Group has advised that it will be changing its accounting calendar from the current 30 June fiscal year ending date to 
21 November 2017, the date of approval of the financial statements by the Board of Directors.