Company statement of financial position....................17
The results of the Company for the year ended 31 December 2017 are set out in the consolidated statement of comprehensive income and a commentary on the
Information relating to the Group’s financial risk management is set out in note 14 of the financial statements.
09 Company law requires the directors to prepare financial statements for each financial year.
company financial statements in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRSs) as adopted by the European Union.
directors must not approve the financial statements unless they are satisfied that they give a true and fair view of the state of affairs of the group and company and
p prepare the financial statements on the going concern basis unless it is inappropriate to presume that the company will continue in business.
the Company’s website in accordance with legislation in the United Kingdom governing the preparation and dissemination of financial statements, which may
The Company has established an Audit Committee which is responsible for ensuring that the financial performance of the Group is properly reported and
We have audited the financial statements of Kemin Resources Plc (the ‘parent company’) and its subsidiaries (the ‘group’) for the year ended 31 December 2017
consolidated statement of cash flows, the company statement of cash flows and notes to the financial statements, including a summary of significant accounting
Standards (IFRSs) as adopted by the European Union, and, as regards the parent company financial statements, as applied in accordance with the provisions of the
p the financial statements give a true and fair view of the state of the group’s and of the parent company’s affairs as at 31 December 2017 and of the group’s loss
p the parent company financial statements have been properly prepared in accordance with IFRSs as adopted by the European Union and as applied in
p the financial statements have been prepared in accordance with the requirements of the Companies Act 2006.
the group in accordance with the ethical requirements that are relevant to our audit of the financial statements in the UK, including the FRC’s Ethical Standard as
p the directors have not disclosed in the financial statements any identified material uncertainties that may cast significant doubt about the group’s or the parent
Given the significance of the exploration and evaluation assets on the Group’s statement of financial position and the significant management judgement
Materiality for the group financial statements as a whole was set at £50,000, being 2% of total assets (2016: £50,000).
The audit of the parent company and the group consolidation were performed in the United Kingdom by BDO LLP .
p the information given in the strategic report and the directors’ report for the financial year for which the financial statements are prepared is consistent with the
p the parent company financial statements are not in agreement with the accounting records and returns; or
In preparing the financial statements, the directors are responsible for assessing the group’s and the parent company’s ability to continue as a going concern,
COMPANY STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION
The accompanying notes are an integral part of these Company financial statements.
The accompanying notes are an integral part of these Company financial statements.
The accompanying notes are an integral part of these Company financial statements.
The accompanying notes are an integral part of these Company financial statements.
The Group prepares its consolidated financial statements in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) as adopted by the European Union.
The consolidated financial statements present the results of the Company and its subsidiaries (the “Group”) as if they formed a single entity.
p the assets and liabilities of the legal subsidiary, KRMC, are recognised and measured in the consolidated financial statements at the pre-combination carrying
Financial assets and liabilities are recognised in the statement of financial position when the Company becomes party to the contractual provision of the
The Company classifies its financial assets only as loans and receivables.
The Company does not have any financial liabilities measured at fair value through profit or loss and does not have any financial liabilities in qualifying hedging
Current income tax assets and liabilities comprise those obligations to fiscal authorities in the countries in which the Company carries out its operations.
The Company monitors internal and external indicators of impairment relating to its exploration and evaluation assets.
Fees payable to the Company’s auditors for the audit of the company and group financial statements                                                                     39                           35
Financial liabilities refer to unsecured interest and non interest bearing loans received from related parties and other companies.
As at the reporting date and signing date of the financial statements the Company had not agreed with the lenders on
The Company’s principal financial liability relates to an unsecured loan and its principal financial asset to the loan to the subsidiary
The Company is exposed to market risk by virtue of holding financial liabilities and assets.
The table below summarises the maturity profile of the Group’s and Company’s financial liabilities at 31 December 2017 based on contractual undiscounted
denominated payables carried at that date with all other variables remaining constant, result in the following effect on the Group’s and Company’s losses and net
The Group and Company had no capital commitments or contingent liabilities at the reporting date: (2016 £Nil).
Other related party transactions and related balances outstanding at each reporting year are as noted in note 13, being loans made to the Group by Companies
1. To receive and adopt the report of the Directors and the audited financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2017 and the report of the auditors.
General Meeting of the Company at which financial statements are laid and to authorise the Directors of the Company to determine their remuneration.
Resolution 6 – The Act requires that if the Directors decide to allot ordinary shares in the Company the shares proposed to be issued be first offered to existing