the Group in the year has increased to 
Group performance in the year
Group companies operate under a system 
component to support management in their delivery of the Group’s strategic objectives and to operate a sustainable business for the 
Spencer Wreford (Group Finance Director and Chief Operating Officer) 9/9 – – –
The Audit Committee meets specifically to review the effectiveness of the Group’s risk management and internal control systems and 
The Directors present their annual report on the affairs of Empresaria Group plc, together with the financial statements and auditor’s report, 
For the year ended 31 December 2017 the Directors recommend a final dividend of 1.32p per ordinary share of 5p in the Company 
Spencer Wreford Group Finance Director and Chief Operating Officer 5 May 2016 7
Company law requires the Directors to prepare financial statements for each financial year.
In preparing the Group’s financial statements, International Accounting Standard 1 requires that Directors:
2.  the Strategic Report includes a fair review of the development and performance of the business and the position of the Company and 
Chief Executive Officer Group Finance Director and Chief Operating Officer
Group Finance Director and Chief Operating Officer (Spencer Wreford) 4 May 2010 6 months
• Group Finance Director and Chief Operating Officer – 10% of basic salary 
Spencer Wreford (Group Finance Director and Chief Operating Officer) 15,000 0.03% 15,000 0.03%
No Director had any interest(s) in the share capital of any other Group company.
• the financial statements give a true and fair view of the state of the Group’s and of the Parent Company’s affairs as at 31 December 2017 
and of the Group’s profit for the year then ended;
• the Group financial statements have been properly prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRSs) 
We have audited the financial statements of Empresaria Group plc (the ‘Parent Company’) and its subsidiaries (the ‘Group’) which comprise:
In preparing the financial statements, the Directors are responsible for assessing the Group’s and the Parent Company’s ability to continue 
• the information given in the strategic report and the Directors’ report for the financial year for which the financial statements are prepared 
* ‘Adjusted operating profit’ is stated before exceptional items, gain or loss on business disposal, intangible amortisation and fair value on acquisition of non-controlling shares.
These financial statements of Empresaria Group plc were approved by the Board of Directors and authorised for issue on 13 March 2018.
Group’s revenue and had IFRS 15 been applied in the current reporting period, it would not have had a material impact on the financial 
IFRS 16 is expected to have a significant impact on the amounts recognised in the Group’s consolidated financial statements.
IFRS 16 will become effective in the Group’s financial year 2019.
The Group financial statements consolidate those of the Company and all of its subsidiaries including the Employee Benefit Trust (EBT) 
Goodwill represents the excess of acquisition cost over the fair value of the Group’s share of the identifiable net assets of the acquired 
Group’s revenue and had IFRS 15 been applied in the current reporting period, it would not have had a material impact on the financial 
The Group issues equity-settled share-based payments to senior management, which are measured at fair value (excluding the effect 
the Group’s estimate of shares that will eventually vest and adjusted for the effect of non-market-based vesting conditions.
The Group provides finance to an Employee Benefit Trust (EBT) to purchase company shares to partly meet the obligation to provide 
Items included in the individual financial statements of each Group company are measured using the individual currency of the primary 
* ‘Adjusted operating profit’ is stated before exceptional items, gain or loss on business disposal, intangible amortisation and fair value on acquisition of non-controlling shares.
* ‘Adjusted operating profit’ is stated before exceptional items, gain or loss on business disposal, intangible amortisation and fair value on acquisition of non-controlling shares.
disposal, its operations contributed a loss of £0.2m (2016: £Nil) to the Group’s profit after tax.
of £0.2m (2016: £0.1m) to the Group’s net operating cash flows.
Loss on business disposal and Fair value on acquisition of non-controlling shares not deductible for tax purposes (0.2) – 
The operating profit and pre-tax cash flow is based on approved annual budget for the CGUs approved by the Group’s Management Board 
on the long-term growth rates using margins that are consistent with the business plan approved by the Group’s Management Board.
At the balance sheet date, the Group has unused tax losses of £2.1m (2016: £2.4m) available for offset against future taxable profits.
At the year end the Group had £19.3m (2016: £15.4m) of undrawn bank facilities (excluding invoice financing).
The Group is exposed to market risk through its use of financial instruments and specifically to currency risk, interest rate risk and certain 
The majority of the Group’s transactions are carried out in the local currency of the respective country the business is operating in.
The Group manages its interest rate risk through a combination of cash pooling, shareholder funding and borrowing.
The Parent Company’s loss for the financial year was £2.2m (2016: £Nil).
The Group delegates operational decision making and day to day running of the operating companies to the subsidiary management, 
directing and controlling the entities of the Group sits with the Parent Company Board of Directors, who are considered the key 
Dividends totalling £161,168 (2016: £140,146) were paid in the year in respect of ordinary shares held by the Company’s Directors.
These financial statements of Empresaria Group plc (Company registration number 03743194) were approved by the Board of Directors 
The Company’s investments in shares in Group companies are stated at cost less provisions for impairment.
The Company reported a loss after tax for the financial year ended 31 December 2017 of £2.2m (2016: £nil).
Monroe Recruitment Consulting Group Company Limited Ordinary 70 70
During the year ended 31 December 2017 the Company purchased 96,500 of its own shares for a total consideration of £93,445.