The Company
The Company is
Company.
In the year the Company did not have the
During the year the company gold mining grades
The Company
No access to capital – funding Sekisovskoye In order to continue with the underground development at Sekisovskoye, the Company
Reliance on operating in one country Currently all of the Company’s mining assets are in Kazakhstan.
Altyns reliance on one operation Currently, the Company only generates revenue from one mine – Sekisovskoye.
The Company will
The Company
African Resources Limited (a company controlled by the Assaubayev family) was converted to 233,333,333 ordinary shares at a conversion price of 3p.
At the start of the year the Company had loans (including accrued interest) at an average interest rate of 13%, totaling US$1,739,000 from Amrita Investments
in note 26 on pages 55 to 57 of the Company’s financial statements.
the Company.
Certain Directors have an interest in the ordinary shares in the Company and these are disclosed in the related party note 29 on page 58.
Audit Committee’s prime tasks are to review the scope of the external audit, to receive regular reports from the Company’s auditor and to review the half-yearly
Company.
The Company is continuing to develop its underground mine, production is continuing at a steady pace with gold sold in the current year of 16,747 oz.
Company law requires the directors to prepare financial statements for each financial year.
statements and have elected to prepare the company financial statements in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRSs) as adopted by
Under company law the directors must not approve the financial statements unless they are satisfied that they give a true and fair view of the
p prepare the financial statements on the going concern basis unless it is inappropriate to presume that the company will continue in business;
p prepare a director’s report, a strategic report and director’s remuneration report which comply with the requirements of the Companies Act 2006.
p The annual report includes a fair review of the development and performance of the business and the financial position of the group and the parent company,
STATEMENT OF THE DIRECTORS’ RESPONSIBILITIES The Committee’s terms of reference have been approved by the Board and follow published guidelines, which are available from the Company Secretary.
The total expenditure of the Company on remuneration to all employees in shown in note 7 to the financial statements and in the table below.
Governance Strategic report Financial statements The remuneration policy of the Company was approved by a binding vote at the 2015 Annual General Meeting, and will be reaffirmed at the 2018 Annual General
We have audited the financial statements of Altyn Plc (the ‘parent company’) and its subsidiaries (the ‘Group’) for the year ended 31 December 2017 which
in equity, the consolidated statement of cash flows, the parent company statement of cash flows and notes to the financial statements, including a summary of
The financial reporting framework that has been applied in the preparation of the Group and parent company financial statements is applicable law and
p the financial statements give a true and fair view of the state of the Group’s and of the parent company’s affairs as at 31 December 2017 and of the Group’s loss
p the financial statements have been prepared in accordance with the requirements of the Companies Act 2006; and, as regards the Group financial statements,
company in accordance with the ethical requirements that are relevant to our audit of the financial statements in the UK, including the FRC’s Ethical Standard as
Governance Strategic report Financial statements Opinions on other matters prescribed by the Companies Act 2006
In our opinion, the part of the directors’ remuneration report to be audited has been properly prepared in accordance with the Companies Act 2006.
p the information given in the strategic report and the directors’ report for the financial year for which the financial statements are prepared is consistent with the
p the parent company financial statements are not in agreement with the accounting records and returns; or
In preparing the financial statements, the directors are responsible for assessing the Group’s and the parent company’s ability to continue as a going concern,
The annual report is for the year ended 31 December 2017 and includes the consolidated and parent company’s financial statements prepared in accordance with
The Company is continuing to develop its underground mine, production is continuing at a steady pace with gold sold in the current year of 16,747 oz.
p carrying value of property, plant and equipment, including estimates made in respect of reserves and resources, discount rate and future gold prices (note 14);
Fees payable to the Company’s auditors for the audit of the Company and Group financial statements                                                                     159                         146
p In 2016 the Company issued US$10m of convertible bonds to African Resources Limited a company controlled by the Assaubayev family.
Company
In 2016 the Company secured a total of US$10m proceeds from a convertible loan with the major shareholder, African Resources Limited.
The Company does not
Company
The Company
The Company’s maximum exposure to credit risk is limited to the carrying amount of loans recorded in the financial statements.
Company
the Company.
through the issue of five-year non-convertible Tenge denominated bonds secured by the assets of the subsidiary Company.
before the Company.
The directors of the Company (the ‘Directors’) must present their Annual Report and Accounts of the Company for the year ended 31 December 2017 (the ‘Annual
The Company is required to appoint auditors at each general meeting at which the annual accounts and report are to be laid before the Company, to hold office
At the 2017 Annual General Meeting held on 28 June 2017 the Directors were given authority to allot shares in the Company, and Resolution 8 seeks to renew this
of the Company.
This resolution would give the Directors authority to allot ordinary shares, and grant rights to subscribe for or convert any security into shares in the Company, up