hollywood bowl group plc Annual Report and Accounts 2017 AMF Bowling
3 Annual Report and Accounts 2017 4 hollywood bowl group plc bowling
7 Annual Report and Accounts 2017 8 hollywood bowl group plc games
11 Annual Report and Accounts 2017 12 hollywood bowl group plc IN A WELCOMING 
With 58 centres, Hollywood Bowl Group 
hollywood bowl group plc 14 Financial
successful year for the Hollywood Bowl Group.
The Group’s financial performance 
hollywood bowl group plc 38 Financial review
hollywood bowl group plc 40 4 Costs relating to the acquisition of Bowlplex in December 2015.
Executive Directors have visited the Company’s centres, including 
52 hollywood bowl group plc The Non-Executive Directors (including the Chairman) do not have service contracts, but are instead appointed by letters of 
During the year, the Committee’s focus has been on the Group’s 
60 hollywood bowl group plc Performance in FY2017 and remuneration 
The graph below shows the TSR performance of an investment of £100 in Hollywood Bowl Group plc’s shares from its listing in 
As set out in the table below, based on the Group’s excellent adjusted EBITDA performance over the year, the Remuneration Committee 
68 hollywood bowl group plc These awards will vest three years after grant, based upon the following adjusted earnings per share (EPS).
determining specific packages for the Chairman, Executive Directors and such other senior employees of the Group as the Board 
70 hollywood bowl group plc Authority for the Company to purchase its 
Directors and officers of the Company and the Group in respect 
72 hollywood bowl group plc The Directors are responsible for preparing the Annual Report 
and the Group and Parent Company Financial Statements 
Company Financial Statements for each financial year.
Group and Parent Company Financial Statements, the Directors 
• for the Group Financial Statements, state whether they have 
We have audited the financial statements of Hollywood Bowl Group 
Materiality for the Group financial statements as a whole was 
For both the current and prior year, the Group audit team 
performed the audit of the Group (including the Parent Company 
78 hollywood bowl group plc Consolidated statement of comprehensive income
hollywood bowl group plc 80 Share
Hollywood Bowl Group plc (together with its subsidiaries, the Group) is a public limited company whose shares are publicly traded on 
The Group’s principal activities are that of the operation of ten-pin bowling centres as well as the development of new centres and other 
The Directors of the Group are responsible for the consolidated Financial Statements.
above Kanyeco Limited, of which the shareholders exchanged their shares and loan notes for shares in Hollywood Bowl Group plc.
The comparative year consolidated reserves of the Group are adjusted to reflect the statutory share capital, 
On publishing the parent Company Financial Statements here together with the Group Financial 
The Group beneath Hollywood Bowl Group plc, headed by Kanyeco Limited, previously first-time adopted EU-IFRS in the year 
In preparing the consolidated Financial Statements for Hollywood Bowl Group plc for the year ended 
impact on the Group’s net cash flows, financial position, total comprehensive income or earnings per share.
on the Group’s accounting for financial assets or liabilities as a result of IFRS 9.
The Financial Statements of all Group companies are adjusted, where necessary, to ensure the use of consistent accounting policies.
The Group uses a number of non-Generally Accepted Accounting Practice (non-GAAP) financial measures in addition to those reported 
underlying financial and operating performance of the Group.
These non-GAAP measures comprise of like-for-like revenue growth, net debt and group adjusted operating cash flow.
Management use EBITDA adjusted for exceptional items (Group adjusted EBITDA) as a key performance measure of the business.
2 There was a sector wide property rating appeal which was settled during FY15 and resulted in a majority of the Group’s centres receiving one-off rebates for the period 
The Group’s standard tax rate for the year ended 30 September 2017 was 19.5 per cent (2016: 20 per cent).
Basic earnings per share are calculated by dividing the profit attributable to equity holders of Hollywood Bowl Group plc by the 
Hollywood Bowl Group plc’s operating subsidiaries as at 30 September 2017 are as follows:
1 These subsidiaries are controlled and consolidated by the Group and the Directors have taken the exemption from having an audit of its financial statements for the year 
The share capital of the Group is represented by the share capital of the Parent Company, Hollywood Bowl Group plc.
The table below summarises the movements in share capital of Hollywood Bowl Group plc during the year ended 30 September 2017:
1 Hollywood Bowl Group plc was incorporated on 13 June 2016 and issued one Ordinary Share of £500 at par and one Deferred Share of £49,500 at par.
4 The Company issued 45,584,121 Ordinary Shares with nominal value of £0.47 in exchange for settlement of the former ultimate parent loan notes and the management 
5 The Company issued 328,947 Ordinary Shares with nominal value of £0.47 to employees of the Group.
Limited and members of management of the Kanyeco Group, was acquired by Hollywood Bowl Group plc in exchange for share capital.
The following table shows the fair value of financial assets and financial liabilities within the Group, including their level in the fair value 
Hollywood Bowl Group plc is a public limited company which is listed on the London Stock Exchange and is domiciled and 
published consolidated Financial Statements of Hollywood Bowl Group plc.
The Group’s standard tax rate for the year ended 30 September 2017 was 19.5 per cent (2016: 20 per cent).
subsidiaries for the year ended 30 September 2017 will be exempt for audit (note 14 of the Group Financial Statements).
As stated in note 14 of the Group Financial Statements, four subsidiary companies will be liquidated subsequent to the year end.
This has had no impact on these Financial Statements or any amounts due to or from Group companies as at 30 September 2017.
hollywood bowl group plc Annual Report and Accounts 2017