The Directors present their report together with the audited financial statements for the year ended 31 March 2017 .
The principal activity of the Group during the year was the provision of software and managed services to the public and not- for-
The Group’s financial instruments primarily comprise borrowings, loan notes and cash balances.
£0.4 million of convertible loan notes were issued in the year ended 31 March 2016 to satisfy the contingent consideration for 
In addition on 29 January 2016, in order to fund the acquisition of Kypera, the Company issued £3.5 million of unsecured loan 
On 27 April, the Group repaid a further £0.5 million of the £3.5 million of unsecured convertible loan notes that were issued on 
Note (a) – these shares are in the name of MXC Capital Limited, a company in which Ian Smith is a substantial shareholder.
The Company also purchased and maintained throughout the financial year Directors’ and 
Company law requires the Directors to prepare Group and Company financial statements for each financial year.
are required by the AIM Rules for Companies to prepare the Group financial statements in accordance with International Financial 
and the Company and the financial performance of the Group.
In preparing each of the Group and Company financial statements, the Directors are required to:
We have audited the financial statements of Castleton T echnology plc (the ‘parent company’) and its subsidiaries (the ‘group’) 
parent company cash flow statement and notes to the financial statements, including a summary of significant accounting policies.
The audit was scoped to support our audit opinion on the group and company financial statements of Castleton T echnology plc 
• the information given in the Strategic Report and the Directors’ Report for the financial year for which the financial statements 
In preparing the financial statements, the directors are responsible for assessing the group’s and the parent company’s ability to 
accounting unless the directors either intend to liquidate the group or the parent company or to cease operations, or have no 
* T otal result for the year before net finance costs, tax, depreciation, amortisation, exceptional costs and share-based payment charges
the performance for the year and the funding available, the Directors have a reasonable expectation that the Group has adequate 
Accordingly, the Group continues to adopt the going concern basis in preparing its consolidated financial statements.
The Group classifies its financial assets as loans and receivables.
Compound financial instruments issued by the group comprise convertible notes that can be converted to share capital at the 
There were no significant new financial reporting standards adopted in the year ended 31 March 2017 .
– International Financial Reporting Standard (IFRS) 15 ‘Revenue from contracts with customers’ (effective 1 January 2018)
associated estimates about future revenues, costs, cash flows and the cost of capital for the Group.
* Earnings for the year before net finance costs, tax, depreciation, amortisation, exceptional items, group management charge and share based payment charges.
*Earnings for the year from continuing operations before net finance costs, depreciation, amortisation, exceptional items, group management charges and share-based payment charges.
* Earnings for the year before net finance costs, tax, depreciation, amortisation, exceptional items, group management charge and share based payment charges.
The Group had no customers who accounted for more than 10% of the Group’s revenue during the year (2016: nil).
In accordance with the Group’s policy in respect of exceptional costs the following charges were incurred for the year:
Cash consideration is payable over three years for a value of £1.8 million, of which £0.5 million has been paid to date.
Staff costs for the year for continuing operations, including executive Directors, amounted to: 
£0.4 million of convertible loan notes were issued in the year ended 31 March 2016 to satisfy the contingent consideration for 
In addition on 31 January 2016, in order to fund the acquisition of Kypera, the Company issued £3.5 million of unsecured loan 
The objectives of the Group’s treasury activities are to manage financial risk, secure cost-effective funding where necessary and 
minimise adverse effects of fluctuations in the financial markets on the value of the Group’s financial assets and liabilities, on 
The Group’s activities expose it to a variety of financial risks: market risk (including foreign exchange, fair value interest rate risk, 
Management reviews cash forecasts of the operating companies of the Group.
Other than on conversion of loan notes, no shares were issued in the year ended 31 March 2017 .
At the year end the Group had four share based payment plans.
On 27 April 2017 , the Group repaid a further £0.5 million of the £3.5 million of unsecured convertible loan notes that were issued on 
to acquire a software license from 365 Agile Group plc for consideration and provisional fair value of £1,800,000.
The profit made by the Company in the year was £624,000 (2016: loss of 
statements, are the same as those of the Group except that the Company has no policy on consolidation and as set out below.
are consistent with these of the Group disclosed in note 1.28 to the consolidated financial statements.
Notes to the Company Financial Statements continued
On 31 January 2016, in order to fund the acquisition of Kypera, the Company issued £3.5 million of unsecured loan notes (“Kypera 
At the year end the Group had four share based payment plans.
Notes to the Company Financial Statements continued
The directors emoluments are paid by Castleton Group Holdings and were not recharged to the Company.
The objectives of the Company’s treasury activities are to manage financial risk, secure cost-effective funding where necessary 
The table below analyses the Company’s financial liabilities into relevant maturity groupings based on the remaining period from 
Notes to the Company Financial Statements continued
The non-cash exceptional item for the year ended 31 March 2016 of £8.3 million related to a provision for an intercompany balance 
At 31 March 2017 the Company had an amount due with Castleton Group Holdings Limited of £19,575,000 (2016: £20,804,000) 