Company over a three year period to January 2020, taking account of the Group’s current position and the Group’s principal 
Company will be able to continue in operation and meet its liabilities as they fall due over the three year period to January 2020.
– the Company operates on a three year business cycle; and
The Companies Act 2006 requires the directors to present a review of the business during the year to 28 January 2017 and  
The Group’s profit after tax for the financial year ended 28 January 2017 attributable to equity shareholders amounted to 
The following were directors of the Company during the financial year ended 28 January 2017:
No director has any other interest in any shares or loan stock of any Group company.
The Board and the management committee review their business and ﬁnancial performance against the prior year and against 
The share capital structure of the Company is set out in the Directors’ Report.
The directors consider that the Company has complied throughout the year ended 28 January 2017 with the provisions of the 
– discussed the report received from the external auditor regarding its audit in respect of the year ended 28 January 2017, 
– received reports on the operation of the Group’s Risk Committee;
– reviewed the eŽectiveness of the Group’s risk management and internal control systems (including ﬁnancial, operational, 
– received reports from internal audit covering various aspects of the Group’s operations, controls and processes;
– reviewed the non-audit services provided to the Group by the external auditor and monitored and assessed the 
– Deﬁned beneﬁt pension scheme: during the year the Audit Committee considered and was satisﬁed with reports received 
On behalf of the Board, I am pleased to present the Directors’ Remuneration Report for the year ended 28 January 2017,  
challenging soft drinks market conditions, the Group delivered revenue for the year ended 28 January 2017 of £257.1m, a 
This part of the report sets out the Company’s Directors’ Remuneration Policy which, subject to shareholder approval at the 
Non-executive directors do not participate in any of the Company’s share schemes or 
‡ The long term incentives ﬁgure for the year ended 30 January 2016 has been restated to reﬂect the market value of the shares that vested  
– the value of the accrued liability for the year in respect of the Company’s contribution for each 
Base salaries for individual executive directors for the year ended 28 January 2017 and for the following year are set out in the 
Details of non-executive directors’ fees for the year ended 28 January 2017 and for the following year are set out in the table 
The maximum annual bonus award opportunity for each executive director in respect of the year ended 28 January 2017  
* Shares vesting under the LTIP for the year ended 28 January 2017 include dividend equivalents from the award date for each Director.
* The long term incentives ﬁgure for the year ended 30 January 2016 has been restated to reﬂect the market value of the shares that vested  
There were no payments made to past directors during the year in respect of services provided to the Company as a director.
Statement of directors’ shareholding and share interests – audited information
The following directors were members of the Remuneration Committee during the year: D.J. Ritchie (Chairman), W.R.G. Barr, 
The directors are responsible for preparing the Annual Report and the Group and parent Company ﬁnancial statements in 
Company law requires the directors to prepare Group and parent Company ﬁnancial statements for each ﬁnancial year.
In preparing each of the Group and parent Company ﬁnancial statements, the directors are required to:
– the Annual Report and Accounts includes a fair review of the development and performance of the business and the 
We have audited the financial statements of A.G. BARR p.l.c. for the year ended 28 January 2017 set out on pages 81 to 128.
– the information given in the Strategic Report and the Directors’ Report for the financial year is consistent with the  
– the parent company financial statements and the part of the Directors’ Remuneration Report to be audited are not in 
The Group also provides employees with the ability to purchase the Company’s ordinary shares at a discount to the current 
The directors have proposed a final dividend in respect of the year ended 28 January 2017 of 10.87p per share, amounting to a 
The Group expects to make a payment of £4.5m within 6 months of the year ended 28 January 2017 (note 12).
During the year the Company operated two pension schemes, the A.G. BARR p.l.c.
During the year to 28 January 2017 the Company’s employee benefit trusts purchased 203,410 (2016: 913,724) shares.
As disclosed in the Directors’ Remuneration Report the Group runs a number of share award plans and share option plans:
During the year, an award of shares was made to the executive directors as disclosed in the Directors’ Remuneration Report.
1. To receive and approve the audited accounts of the Group and the Company for the year ended 28 January 2017 together 
2. To approve the directors’ remuneration policy set out on pages 52 to 63 of the Company’s annual report and accounts for 
Remuneration Report as set out on page 51 and pages 51 to 76 of the Company’s annual report and accounts for the year 
accounts are laid, and to authorise the audit committee of the board of directors of the Company to fix their remuneration.
– The annual statement by the chairman of the remuneration committee (which is set out on page 51 of this report) provides a 
– The directors’ remuneration policy (which is set out on pages 52 to 63 of this report) sets out the Company’s future policy 
share awards made to the directors in connection with their and the Company’s performance during the year ended 
relation to the payments and share awards made to directors during the year under review.