Strategic Report Governance Financial Statements 03 Crawshaw Group Plc
Group sales in the first 10 weeks of the new financial 
Operating (Loss)/Profit number adds back share based payment charges and exceptional costs to give a clear 
Accelerated opening costs are defined by the Group as the investments in people, processes and systems in the year to provide the 
Underlying operating(loss)/profit is defined by the Group as Operating Profit before exceptional items and share based payment charges 
The Directors present their Annual Report on the affairs of the Group together with audited financial statements for the 52 weeks ended 29 January (2016: 52 week period).
The Group financial statements were authorised for issue by the Board of Directors on 26 April 201 7 .
1 m) the Group loss for the year is £1.2m  
Overall, the Directors believe the Group is well placed to manage its business risks and successful execute the growth strategy.
Company Number: 04755803 14 Crawshaw Group Plc
The Directors participating in the scheme at the date of this report and their respective entitlement to the growth in value of market capitalisation of Crawshaw Group Plc 
Company law requires the Directors to prepare group and parent company financial statements for each financial year.
Under company law the Directors must not approve the financial statements unless they are satisfied that they give a true and fair view of the state of affairs of the Group 
In preparing each of the Group and parent company financial statements, the Directors are required to:
– prepare the financial statements on the going concern basis unless it is inappropriate to presume that the Group and the parent company will continue in business.
We have audited the financial statements of Crawshaw Group Plc for the 52 week period ended 29 January 201 7 set out on pages 18 to 38.
• the financial statements give a true and fair view of the state of the Group's and of the parent company's affairs as at 29 January 201 7 and of the Group's loss for the period 
* EBITDA is defined by the Group as the profit/(loss) before tax, exceptional items, depreciation, amortisation and share based payment charges.
Cash and cash equivalents at end of period   2,147 4,880 — 8 Crawshaw Group Plc
The Group financial statements consolidate those of the Company and its subsidiaries (together referred to as the ‘Group’) and equity account the Group’s interest  
The parent company financial statements present information about the Company as a separate entity and not about its group.
Both the parent company financial statements and the Group financial statements have been prepared and approved by the Directors in accordance with International 
On publishing the parent company financial statements here together with the Group financial 
Changes in the Group’s interest in a subsidiary that do not result in a loss of control are accounted for as equity transactions.
The consolidated financial statements include the Group’s share of the total comprehensive 
Where the Group is a party to a joint operation, the consolidated financial statements include the Group’s share of the joint operations assets and liabilities, as well as  
the Group’s share of the entity’s profit or loss and other comprehensive income, on a line-by-line basis.
that the Group should be able to operate within its cash reserves with the appropriate decisions being taken on the pace of new store rollout to ensure a sufficient working 
of the Group’s own equity instruments or is a derivative that will be settled by the Group’s exchanging a fixed amount of cash or other financial assets for a fixed number 
(forming part of the Financial Statements) 25 Crawshaw Group Plc
amount expected to be paid under short-term cash bonus or profit-sharing plans if the Group has a present legal or constructive obligation to pay this amount as a result  
In both years the share options were anti-dilutive as the Group reported a loss in each period.
The Group prepares cash flow forecasts derived from the most recent financial budgets and projections approved by management for the next 5 years and assuming 
The share of profit recognised in the statement of comprehensive income was received in cash in the year.
During the year the group restructured by hiving across the trade and assets of Gabbotts Farm (Retail) Ltd into Crawshaw Butchers Ltd. The transfer was done at undervalue 
however the parent company has not suffered any actual loss as a result of the transfer since the same trade and net assets remain within its group.
618 — (145) 472 33 Crawshaw Group Plc
on a straight line basis over the vesting period, based on the Group’s estimate of shares that will eventually vest and adjusted for the effect of non-market based vesting 
During the year the Group recognised a charge of £nil (2016: £1 3k) in relation to equity settled share options in the income statement.
Shares were granted under the Crawshaw Group Plc Long Term Incentive Plan on 24 April 201 5 which entitles employees to equity instruments in Crawshaw Butchers 
The shares are ’growth shares’ in a subsidiary, Crawshaw Butchers Ltd, but have value linked to the market capitalisation of Crawshaw Group Plc. Shareholders are 
– On a voluntary winding up or change of control of Crawshaw Group Plc. The fair value of the awards is determined by using the Monte Carlo model and allowance has been made for the following assumptions: Expected exercise date, expected 
The Group’s principal financial assets are cash and receivables.
balance sheet net of a provision for doubtful receivables, estimated by the Group’s management based on prior experience and their assessment of current economic 
The Company has entered into transactions with its subsidiary undertakings in respect of the following: provision of Group services (including senior management, IT, 
No other group financial statements include the results of the Company.
chief financial officer of BPO, are expected to acquire an aggregate of 33,794,490 new shares in the Group for £5.