The Directors have elected to prepare the Group and Company financial statements in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards (“IFRS”) as 
• prepare the financial statements on the going concern basis unless it is inappropriate to presume that the Group and Company will continue in business.
• the Group and Company financial statements, prepared in accordance with IFRS as issued by the IASB, give a true and fair view of the assets, liabilities and 
• the adoption of a going concern basis for the preparation of the Group and Company financial statements continues to be appropriate based on the year end 
• the Directors’ report includes a fair review of the development and performance of the business and the position of the Company and the undertakings 
Net proceeds of £18.7 million received during the year to 31 August 2017 on disposal of joint ventures interest of Wichford VBG Holding S.à.r.l. are comprised of the Group’s 
the Group’s 17.2 per cent interest in IHL, a hotel and leisure focused property investment company listed on the Euro MTF Market of the Luxembourg 
Other income includes management fee income from joint ventures of £3.8 million on an IFRS basis, of which £3.4 million relates to the net Performance Fee on disposal of 
The Group share of the total joint venture investment management expense of £2.0 million has been reclassified from administrative costs and other fees.
The £5.6 million gain recognised by the Group and the loss of £0.7 million recognised by the joint venture relate to the share sale of the property‑owning subsidiaries of Wichford 
The Group was responsible for the investment management of the property portfolio of the Wichford VBG Holding S.à.r.l. joint venture.
• €29.4 million (£25.1 million) in settlement of the shareholder loans outstanding to the joint venture partners (Group share: €14.4 million/£12.5 million); and 
(£5.6 million gain) and the joint venture on an equity accounted basis (£0.7 million loss), as a result of the disposal, are included within one line in the income statement, 
Total cash proceeds received by the Group at the balance sheet date on disposal were £22.1 million, including the receipt of the Performance Fee of £3.4 million (refer to Note 5).
The fair value of the Group’s property for the year ended 31 August 2017 was assessed by independent and appropriately qualified valuers in accordance with the 
The Group disposed of four assets from the UK Commercial portfolio and a single unit from the UK Retail portfolio during the year realising a net gain, after disposal 
An impairment assessment of the Company’s investment in subsidiary undertakings is performed annually with reference to the EPRA net assets of the Group.
The following table details the movement in the Group’s investment in International Hotel Properties Limited, designated at fair value through profit or loss:
fair value and increased the Group’s investment in IHL by 1.7 to 17.2 per cent.
The joint venture recognised a net loss on disposal of these subsidiaries of £1.4 million (Group share: £0.7 million) after 
The cumulative foreign currency translation difference on the Group’s net investment in Leopard of £2.0 million has been recycled to the income statement on effective 
Included within administrative costs and other fees of Wichford VBG is the Performance Fee expense of £3.4 million, payable to the Group as investment manager, on disposal of 
During the year ended 31 August 2017, the Group’s cumulative investment in RedefineBDL increased from 25.3 to 30.4 per cent.
Carrying value of the Group’s net investment in associate       9.4 10.2 Financial statements
Intangible assets were recognised on the acquisition of Redefine International Management Holdings Limited Group (“RIMH”) and represented the fair value of the 
Total tenant lease incentives of £7.2 million (31 August 2016: £4.7 million) have been deducted from investment property in determining fair value at the balance sheet date.
The Group disposed of four held for sale assets from the UK Commercial portfolio and one German property during the year realising a net gain, after disposal costs, 
The Group’s bank loans are secured over investment property of £1,484.1 million (31 August 2016: £1,383.0 million) and are carried at amortised cost.
The Group has reduced the nominal value of drawn debt (on a proportionately consolidated basis) during the year to £842.2 million (31 August 2016: £850.6 million) 
• Wichford VBG disposed of its property‑owning subsidiaries including associated bank debt with DG Hyp (Group share: £23.5 million), effective 1 January 2017.
• in April 2017, the Group refinanced £167.8 million of existing debt facilities secured over four of its UK Shopping Centre assets with Aviva.
to the income statement during the year on disposal of joint venture interests (31 August 2016: £3.6 million on disposal of subsidiary).
On acquisition of control of the Leopard Portfolio, the non‑controlling interest’s proportionate share (6 per cent) of the identifiable net assets of £0.7 million was 
International Hotel Properties Limited (shares acquired/transferred at cost)    1.0 8.7 — 8.7 Redefine International P.L.C.
As the total transfer price for the shares was £14.4 million, £0.2 million cash was paid back by the Group to 4C Investments.
During the year ended 31 August 2016, the Group paid Redefine Properties a fee of £2.5 million in consideration for the financial guarantee to support the AUK 
At 31 August 2017, Redefine Properties held a 29.52 per cent interest in the issued share capital of the Company.
During the year ended 31 August 2017, the total IFRS 2 charge recognised in the income statement in relation to the PSP awards was £0.9 million 
• 25 per cent of the award will vest dependent on the relative total property return of the Company’s UK assets in comparison to the IPD UK All Property Index.
• 50 per cent of the award will vest dependent on the Company’s TSR relative to that of the members of a bespoke comparator group (the “Comparator Group”).
Net fair value gains/(losses) on investment property and assets held for sale   6.9 (42.5) 29.6 49.8 (20.7)