development company with a portfolio of vanadium,  
While the Company’s focus is on developing low-cost vertically integrated vanadium operations, the Company 
• Low-cost and scalable vanadium 
While focus is on the vanadium operations, the Company has multiple 
Mokopane Vanadium Project
Vametco Vanadium Project
• Mokopane Vanadium Project
• Brits Vanadium Project
Bushveld Vanadium, Greenhills Resources and 
vanadium supply to a share projected at more than 
significant share of the global vanadium market 
Company’s vanadium deposits creates low cost 
vanadium company.
vanadium products to also include development 
low-cost vanadium production assets.
During the current financial year the Company’s cash 
to the Company’s vanadium assets.
position on the vanadium production cash cost 
vanadium products to also include development 
vanadium mining and processing company with 
plant is a low-cost vanadium producing operation 
Mokopane Vanadium Project
• The project hosts high-grade vanadium 
The Vametco management combines more than 100 years of management experience in primary vanadium mining and processing.
Among them, they bring experience from every primary vanadium mining and processing operation in South Africa.
• Over 22 years’ experience in the primary vanadium mining and  
• Over 10 years’ experience in iron, steel, vanadium processing  
• Over 35 years’ experience in the extraction of vanadium as well  
• Over 21 years’ experience in management and financial accounting.
– Community involvement: Beyond the equity participation of the BEE partners in our projects, Bushveld Minerals continues to pursue a broad-based approach to 
The need to provide adequate support to Madagascar’s increasing energy demand is central to Lemur Resources’ independent power production strategy  
The directors of Bushveld Minerals Limited (“Bushveld” or the “Company”) hereby present their report together with the consolidated financial statements for the 
The principal activity of the Group (Bushveld and its subsidiaries) is the exploration and development of projects in the Bushveld Complex in South Africa.
Guernsey company law requires the Directors to prepare Group financial statements for each financial year in accordance with generally accepted accounting 
• financial matters including the approval of the budget and financial plans, changes to the Group’s capital structure, the Group’s business strategy, acquisitions  
• On 20 March 2012, Geoff Sproule entered into a service agreement with the Company under the terms of which he agreed to act as the Chief Financial Officer.
• the parent company financial statements are not in agreement with the accounting records; or
BRL is an investment holding company formed to invest in resource-based vanadium and iron ore exploration companies in South Africa.
GRL is an investment holding company formed to invest in resource-based tin exploration companies in South Africa.
The Lemur subsidiaries are coal project development companies.
7 Held by Lemur Investments Ltd. 8 Held by Imaloto Power Ltd. 9 Held by Lemur South Africa Ltd. These financial statements are presented in Pound Sterling (£) because that is the currency the Group has raised funding on the AIM market in the United Kingdom.
The directors have considered the current financial position of the Group and the likely future cash flows for the period of 12 months following the approval of these 
The individual financial statements of each Group company are prepared in the currency of the primary economic environment in which they operate (its functional 
value of intangible assets at 28 February 2017 based on planned future development of the projects and current and forecast commodity prices.
As at 28 February 2017 the Group operated within three operating segments, mineral exploration activities for iron ore and vanadium,  
The Company’s subsidiary, Bushveld Resources Limited has a 64% interest in Pamish Investment No 39 (Proprietary) Limited (“Pamish”) which holds an interest in 
• GP 30/5/1/1/02/10142 PR – held through Gemsbok Magnetite (Pty) Ltd. The Company is in a process to secure regulatory approval in terms of section 11 of the Mineral and Petroleum Resources Development Act (MPRDA) for change  
In 2016 financial year the Group acquired the shares in Zaaiplaats Mining (Proprietary) Limited the owner of the following properties: 
Vanadium Project.
During the year the Company issued a total of 98,333,334 new ordinary shares at a price of 1.8 pence per share raising gross proceeds of £1,770,000.
During the year the Company issued a total of 38,666,668 new ordinary shares at a price of 1.5 pence per share raising gross proceeds of £580,000.
During the year the Company issued a total of 53,571,430 new ordinary shares at a price of 1.4 pence per share raising gross proceeds of £750,000.
Following the Company’s 25 July 2016 announcement of Bushveld Vametco’s execution of a Share Purchase Agreement (“SPA”) with Evraz Group S.A. for the 
conditional purchase of Evraz’s 78.8 per cent economic interest in Strategic Minerals Corporation, which owns the producing Vametco vanadium mine and plant in 
The investment is in line with Bushveld’s stated strategy to develop a significant, vertically integrated vanadium platform and accelerate the path to production  
Vametco Alloys is a high quality, low cost mine and plant with a patented vanadium product and a global vanadium customer base.
• Development of a Bankable Feasibility Study (“BFS”) and a Project Implementation Proposal for the project by Sinohydro, at its own cost, within 12 months  
• Potential establishment of a future company for the Project upon completion of the BFS, in which Sinohydro’s parent company, PowerChina, may take an 
The Company’s wholly owned subsidiary Greenhills Resources Limited (“Greenhills”) completed the acquisition of a 49.5% interest in Dawnmin Africa Investments 
• Erongo, the majority shareholder in Dawnmin, will spend up to A$2.0 million (two million Australian Dollars) to complete a scoping study at the project, including 
Following due diligence work recently completed, the Company has identified significant high grade zones that it recommends form the basis for early production 
The Company continues to advance its stated strategy to build a critical mass of tin resources with a near term production profile, to advance the projects towards 
1.  To receive and adopt the Annual Financial Statements of the Company, the Directors’ Report and the report of the Auditors for the year ended  